well hany Mahmud joins us now live from
Rafa in southern Gaza hany yet more
strikes were seen overnight in Gaza the
death toll it keeps on Rising what's the
situation across the strip there this
morning yes M once again we're seeing
more distraction and More Death across
the Gaza Strip just right here next to
this Smalls siiz hospital overnight
uh three bodies were reported to this
Hospital killed in overnight air strikes
in two different locations in Rafa City
in the western side of raah and also in
the central
uh central part of raah City an area
that is supposed to be uh an evacuation
Center safe for displ Palestinians and
as according to to the municipality of
ra ra turned into a large refugee camp
yet people are getting killed in their
homes most of the people so far who have
been killed in Raa City happened to be
evacuated displaced Palestinians from
different parts of the Gaza Strip and
what we're seeing now is Around the
Clock more reports about people being
killed arrived to hospitals across the
central part and the southern part
people Palestinians are dying at a
historic Pace compared to any other uh
situations uh within the past years but
the worst of this happened overnight in
maazi Refugee C denly populated area in
central part of the Gaza Strip it's
important to draw our viewers attention
the central part of Gaza it has been
effectively separated from Gaza and the
northern part and from the southern part
and suffers from extreme shortage of
Food Supplies medical supplies and water
supply of people are there are dying of
starvation soon there was a warning by
the uh commissioner Deputy Commissioner
of the of Honor was saying there people
dying of starvation in that
part of the Gaza Strip but overnight 23
people died in an air strike Relentless
air strike on a residential homes
causing severe destruction to the
surrounding area but lack of equipment M
just made it very difficult for the the
the civil defense crew on the ground to
help people uh REM to help remove those
who survived the attacks from under the
the the rebels 23 people reported killed
the vast majority of them women and and
it show children similar situations took
place in no refuge Camp a neighboring
refugee camp to Al magazi where more
residential homes being destroyed more
people are getting displaced because the
results of every air strikes not only
death death and destruction but also it
causes displacement to hundreds more
Palestinians in any in any targeted
neighborhoods or residential block it
becomes unlivable as the vast majority
of this neighborhood gets gets destroyed
and given infrastructure or any means of
life and kanun at the same time while
fighting extreme Fighting going on and
taking place in Eastern kanun and the
central part of kanun more people are
getting killed as a results of artillery
Shillings and and more Relentless air
strike from residential uh homes what
seems to be a war on residential homes
that
read just an attempt to make everyone
homeless make everyone displ that's what
seems to be this the the uh the direct
results of of of these attacks on on
Gaza and across the Gaza Strip uh a more
of it more people are pouring into Rafa
city as a result of the the growing
sense that KH unun is becoming a
dangerous and a risky area and
increasingly becoming an extreme war
zone okay hanim Mahmud bringing us the
latest uh from Rafa in southern Gaza
thanks very much
hany